REQUIREMENTS.md, before:

```ghkerin
My Perspective:
As a computer science engineer working for an airline company I would want to create an application that can be used 
across all types of devices so that anyone working for the company can find out any information they need to on 
parts related to the aircrafts.The app would have a friendly UI that nearly any person could learn to use very 
quickly. 

Group Objective: 
Our groups goal would be to create the user-friendly interface. We will create an intuitive design that has a section 
for users to: 1.Find information on the part they are looking for, 2. Find where the part is located on the plane, and
3. Find how quickly the part will be available. In each of these sections of the application the user will be able to
quickly find what they need while we pull all the correct data when asked.
```

```ghkerin
User Story #1:

As a warehouse owner / seller, I want my deals to be tracked so I can have an accurate history of my transactions. 

Scenario 1.1:
	Jerry (warehouse owner) buys an airline part from Company A. Jerry now wants to see this airline part to company B. Jerry wants to be able to see the entire history of ownership, price, and other information about this airline part. Once a deal is made and a smart contract is agreed upon by the parties, the transaction should be added to the ledgers of the parties involved.  Now if Jerry wants to see all the transaction history of an airline part, the transaction log of hyperledger fabric should have this information.

```

```ghkerin
User Story #2:

As a warehouse owner / seller, I want a contract that details the agreements of the deal.

Scenario 2.1:
	Jerry (warehouse owner) is about to sell an airline part to Company B. Jerry will exchange the airline part for some amount of money. A smart contract will be created that will include the details of the transaction such as what is exchanged and once that is agreed upon it will be added to the ledger of parties involved.

```

```ghkerin
User Story #3:

A warehouse worker wants to lose/misplace a minimum amount of items for efficiency and to have an accurate list of items available.

Scenario 3.1:
	Timmy needs parts A in order to make a repair, but there is only one left. So there might be a possibility that there is none left as that part could have been lost or misplaced. But items have been recently tagged so we know when an item leaves a general area and enters a new are, or when an item leaves the warehouse, so it is safe to say that item A is in fact where it' supposed to be.
```
```ghkerin
User Story #4:

A warehouse worker gets a new shipment with several pallets, and they want to be efficient in putting everything away and getting parts that were ordered specifically for repairs that are on hold.

Scenario 4.1:
	Billy has a lot of tasks to complete, but they just received shipment and they first need to figure what goes where and what's inside each pallet. But each pallet now has a barcode on top with its own data with what exactly is inside each pallet. This greatly reduces the time in putting stuff away so Billy can go back to his regular tasks.

Scenario 4.2:
	Mandy ordered some special parts because the warehouse usually doesn't usually carry that given part, but the repair needs to be done ASAP so Mandy does not have time to be looking inside every single pallet for the part that she ordered. Luckily for Mandy, she can scan the top of the pallet and see the contents of each pallet, which is going to save her a lot of time and not disorganizing every single pallet in the process.
```
```ghkerin
User Story #5
Aerospace Parts Manufacturer:
As a third party distributor of parts, you want toy ensure your clients (Boeing, Raytheon,etc) have top of the line none faulty parts. You need to be able to communicate to these companies if you have a piece of equipment needed and if they were to order by when it will arrive. They could also see statistics of the parts such as where it was produced, when it was made, and in what country it was made.

    Scenario 5.1:
    You get a call from Boeing saying they need a certain wing part. You check your database to see if the part is there and sure enough you have one. You communicate to your client that their order has been placed and will arrive soon. You then place your order into the management tool and now both you and your client know exactly where the part is and an estimate into when it will arrive. Also you client can see the past history of this part.

    Scenario 5.2:
    Your client orders a part, but it somehow gets lost in transit. Their much-needed box of A-31B screws goes missing and they need a new order asap. You get notified right away through the application that the order will be delayed so now you can contact your client to good communication between and to ensure their order arrives on time.

    Scenario 5.3:
    You are sitting in your office, and you get a notification from the application that you wing part 8791-AAA is about to reach the age of 5 years. After 5 years parts tend to have a higher chance of failing. You then tell your workers that they need to produce a new wing part 8971-AAA. This helps ensure that your clients will always get the best quality parts.
```

Commit message:

Update Requirements for Victor along with grammatical changes

REQUIREMENTS.md, after:

```ghkerin
My Perspective:
As a computer science engineer working for an airline company I would want to create an application that can be used 
across all types of devices so that anyone working for the company can find out any information they need to on 
parts related to the aircrafts.The app would have a friendly UI that nearly any person could learn to use very 
quickly. 

Group Objective: 
Our groups goal would be to create the user-friendly interface. We will create an intuitive design that has a section 
for users to: 1.Find information on the part they are looking for, 2. Find where the part is located on the plane, and
3. Find how quickly the part will be available. In each of these sections of the application the user will be able to
quickly find what they need while we pull all the correct data when asked.
```

```ghkerin
User Story #1:

As a warehouse owner / seller, I want my deals to be tracked so I can have an accurate history of my transactions. 

Scenario 1.1:
	Jerry (warehouse owner) buys an airline part from Company A. Jerry now wants to see this airline part to company B. Jerry wants to be able to see the entire history of ownership, price, and other information about this airline part. Once a deal is made and a smart contract is agreed upon by the parties, the transaction should be added to the ledgers of the parties involved.  Now if Jerry wants to see all the transaction history of an airline part, the transaction log of hyperledger fabric should have this information.

```

```ghkerin
User Story #2:

As a warehouse owner / seller, I want a contract that details the agreements of the deal.

Scenario 2.1:
	Jerry (warehouse owner) is about to sell an airline part to Company B. Jerry will exchange the airline part for some amount of money. A smart contract will be created that will include the details of the transaction such as what is exchanged and once that is agreed upon it will be added to the ledger of parties involved.

```

```ghkerin
User Story #3:

A warehouse worker wants to lose/misplace a minimum amount of items for efficiency and to have an accurate list of items available.

Scenario 3.1:
	Timmy needs parts A in order to make a repair, but there is only one left. So there might be a possibility that there is none left as that part could have been lost or misplaced. But items have been recently tagged so we know when an item leaves a general area and enters a new are, or when an item leaves the warehouse, so it is safe to say that item A is in fact where it is supposed to be.
```
```ghkerin
User Story #4:

A warehouse worker gets a new shipment with several pallets, and they want to be efficient in putting everything away and getting parts that were ordered specifically for repairs that are on hold.

Scenario 4.1:
	Billy has a lot of tasks to complete, but they just received shipment and they first need to figure what goes where and what's inside each pallet. But each pallet now has a barcode on top with its own data with what exactly is inside each pallet. This greatly reduces the time in putting stuff away so Billy can go back to his regular tasks.

Scenario 4.2:
	Mandy ordered some special parts because the warehouse usually doesn't usually carry that given part, but the repair needs to be done ASAP so Mandy does not have time to be looking inside every single pallet for the part that she ordered. Luckily for Mandy, she can scan the top of the pallet and see the contents of each pallet, which is going to save her a lot of time and not disorganizing every single pallet in the process.
```
```ghkerin
User Story #5
Aerospace Parts Manufacturer:
As a third party distributor of parts, you want to ensure your clients (Boeing, Raytheon,etc) have top of the line none faulty parts. You need to be able to communicate to these companies if you have a piece of equipment needed and if they were to order by when it will arrive. They could also see statistics of the parts such as where it was produced, when it was made, and in what country it was made.

    Scenario 5.1:
    You get a call from Boeing saying they need a certain wing part. You check your database to see if the part is there and sure enough you have one. You communicate to your client that their order has been placed and will arrive soon. You then place your order into the management tool and now both you and your client know exactly where the part is and an estimate into when it will arrive. Also you client can see the past history of this part.

    Scenario 5.2:
    Your client orders a part, but it somehow gets lost in transit. Their much-needed box of A-31B screws goes missing and they need a new order asap. You get notified right away through the application that the order will be delayed so now you can contact your client to good communication between and to ensure their order arrives on time.

    Scenario 5.3:
    You are sitting in your office, and you get a notification from the application that you wing part 8791-AAA is about to reach the age of 5 years. After 5 years parts tend to have a higher chance of failing. You then tell your workers that they need to produce a new wing part 8971-AAA. This helps ensure that your clients will always get the best quality parts.
```
```ghkerin
User Story: #6

A newly built amazon fulfillment center has been built, and since it is in a heavily populated city they must quickly access their specific item out of thousands. 

Scenario 6.1:
A new intern, Michael, is tasked with retrieving a punching bag. Upon doing a digital search of the inventory it appears that there is only one in the entire warehouse. When Michael goes to the bag's supposed destination - it is not there. And since Michael is an intern - he freaks out. Michael needs a tool to precisely tell him where the punching bag is within the gigantic warehouse. This could be an accelerometer used with a reference point to determine its exact location within the warehouse. The result of such would be a greater time of location and access of the items, alongside confidence of never losing an item in the warehouse.

Scenario 6.2:
As the warehouse manager, you receive a phone call from the company that handles the distribution of the Amazon items. They claim that some items were never given to them. However: you distinctly remember seeing those packages be handed off to the delivery men. You need a tool that can reliably tell you the status of where an item is within its lifecycle: whether or not it is still within the warehouse, reached a distribution center, or whether or not it has been successfully delivered.  This allows for refutation of false-claims and allows your warehouse to remain reputable. 

Scenario 6.3:
Its Christmas time and the Amazon customers of your city had a field day and bought all that they could. Upon reaching the fulfillment center - things are hectic as there seems to be a lack of space, and everyone is in disarray. As a manager - you need a tool to optimize the organization of your fulfilment center for busy days like this while considering ease of access for distribution. This helps ensure that the workflow of the fulfilment center has the bandwidth to prevent delays due to mismanagement and disorganization.
```
